makeMaxBatchSizePublic (#39335)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 4.57.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

> * Changed `setMaxMicroBatchSize` and `getMaxMicroBatchSize` in `CosmosBulkExecutionOptions` to public. See [PR 39335](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39335)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added public APIs `setMaxMicroBatchSize` and `getMaxMicroBatchSize` in `CosmosBulkExecutionOptions` - See [PR 39335](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39335)
```
